Hello, everyone.
Let's solve this problem.
It would seem from Spot.
So it's very easy.
The problem statement.
The Fibonacci sequence is defined by the following relation f0 F1 they are values and F1 is open minus
and both have been managed.
We all know this, so your task is very simple given to non-negative integers anonyme.
You have to calculate the sum f.n plus f1 plus when they leave them.
Basically you have to find out the sum of these series of unique numbers from F1 to form.
They.
And of course, Marta, we know about Madrid.
So this is the input airlines.
And after all these delays will have the 0335 in all listings.
So how to approach this problem?
We've already seen eight.
How do I know if we've been talking about using metrics exponential?
So there are two approaches for this problem.
The first one actually both uses the metric expansion, but there are two different ways of using it.
The first one is to figure out a triggering solution laid off of the summit, as we saw.
Right.
We were making the time metrics, be metrics.
We had many things.
Similarly, we can take some like some of some talent.
And let's let me name the term.
It's called S, n, let's call it s, n or D.
This, in essence, is a.
Some tail end through an acronym, but it basically did have zero plus one.
Let's have two little F and eight and an end will be M letting f m.
And if we subtract as m minus.
And.
Or instead let's minus s in minus one.
Then we can simply get what we want, which is.
Come from Dylan.
Eight days.
I hope you we all know this because it's terrific.
Some trade off, some some foreign changes, some minus the previous some remove it and we'll get this
I hope this is very clear I but then how to of old lesson of you can make could be metrics in which
you can Anderson and then see how does that you can make an effort metrics in which you can add this
lesson right?
You can have a third very well that is.
And finally you're going to have a.
Um, the metrics accordingly.
That's one of the appraisals goes there as well.
But before moving to that approach, I want to discuss a very nice approach.
It's based on the property of unique numbers and we'll derive that property.
Right.
So a.
We say that effen is equal to.
F and minus one plus F and minus two.
So let's see what F in minus two here is.
They open minus two is equal to seven.
Minus F and minus one.
I hope you agree on this point.
Right.
So.
Well, so what will we have in minus three here?
It will be nothing but open.
Minus one.
Minus F and minus.
Too late.
I hope we are on the same page over here.
And so until.
Let's have zero.
What is a zero?
Okay.
Let me try one more and then we'll do so until of zero.
It is a friend -40.
It goes to a friend minus.
F and minus three.
Minus F and minus.
Two raids and invasion was an investment in my history and witness.
Who am I doing something wrong?
You end up in my nest who is often minors have been my best friend.
Okay, so F and ministries F in minus one.
Minus F and minus two.
Right.
Even minus four is equal to.
If in minus the.
Okay.
Citing destroying tree.
Should we replace?
Eight.
And so until 000 is nothing but a fourth.
Let's put zero in this and let's put and it goes to two here.
They will give me a form zero and this will be F of two minus F of one.
I hope this is fine.
Now, these.
Whatever.
Add the elegies and the adages.
It.
Let's add these values.
At these values.
This is nothing but as zero plus F1 plus or until F1 minus two.
Late and what is on the allergies on the on the origins that I didn't cite, I can easily see that this
cancels out this similarly this cancels out this eight because minus plus minus plus they already canceled
on each other and in the end, F2 will also get cancelled because of some values over here.
I know what will get will get is it goes to F in minus F one.
Right.
What?
What I can see here is that still and very still and minus two eight, because it is starting from zero
and going Dillon minus two is equal to F in.
Minus one.
Everyone is one night through an economic often.
So if I want to replace and burn by MN let's replace end by end plus to what I'll get Elliot Essen is
it goes to F and plus two minus one.
A very simple reconciliation.
So if I if I if I want to find out s m minus s in which is equal to 30.
Yeah.
I wonder if I know this one from m22.
F m doing this is what s m minus.
Okay.
Let me not add the brackets.
Minus as in minus one, which will be what is esim?
According to this equation, it is f off and plus two.
Minus one minus what?
What will be s in minus one.
According to this relation it will be F and plus one minus one made because here I n minus one here
I replace and one minus one.
So this end will become in plus one.
Well, let's practice this cancels out this.
What I have got even plus two minus F and plus one.
So this is the final answer.
And we all know how to find out different keys and what, right?
So we can easily find them.
Plus two, we can easily find out if and plus one we can subtract them, add more ignored because that
model properties is important.
Don't forget them.
Eight Because in sports the answer is required.
After digging what you subtract them, add more and then take more.
I hope this is very fine so you can easily go there now because there's nothing left and we have already
coded how to find out the Rubinek number.
Well.
Well, thank you, everyone.
Let's see you in the next part in which we will be using metrics exponential to figure out this.
Coalition would.